---
tags: daily
Title: meeting with prof dani + summer reading
---

<- [[00 Daily Notes Hub | Daily Notes Hub]]

# 2023-08-10
```dataviewjs
/*
    previous/next note by date for Daily Notes
    Also works for other files having a `date:` YAML entry.
    MCH 2021-06-14
*/
var none = '(none)';
var p = dv.pages('"' + dv.current().file.folder + '"').where(p => p.file.day).map(p => [p.file.name, p.file.day.toISODate()]).sort(p => p[1]);
var t = dv.current().file.day ? dv.current().file.day.toISODate() : luxon.DateTime.now().toISODate();
// Obsidian uses moment.js; Luxon’s format strings differ!
var format = app['internalPlugins']['plugins']['daily-notes']['instance']['options']['format'] || 'YYYY-MM-DD';
var current = '(' + moment(t).format(format) + ')';
var nav = [];
var today = p.find(p => p[1] == t);
var next = p.find(p => p[1] > t);
var prev = undefined;
p.forEach(function (p, i) {
    if (p[1] < t) {
        prev = p;
    }
});
nav.push(prev ? '[[' + prev[0] + ']]' : none);
//nav.push(today ? today[0] : none);
nav.push(today ? today[0] : current);
nav.push(next ? '[[' + next[0] + ']]' : none);

//dv.list(nav);
//dv.paragraph(nav.join(" · "));
dv.paragraph(nav[0] + ' ← ' + nav[1] + ' → ' + nav[2]);
```
- Summary:: today was insane: crazy, stressful, and insane. today I met with Professor Dani and he was super chill and cool. we talked a lot about who I was, why I wanted to do engineering, and what schools I want to go to.<br>Professor Dani went to Caltech, and knowing I want to go to Caltech (and MIT), he wants to help me get in. Looking at my CV as it is, he admits that there's nothing there that would be disqualify me.<br>however, every Caltech student is the top of their school. for international students, they often have to be the top of their country. one of Dani's colleagues was the highest academic achiever in all of West Africa. I am not the highest academic achiever in all of West Africa. I doubt I'm even the highest academic achiever in West Okinawa. I also don't live in West Okinawa, maybe that it explains it. (my girlfriend just called me funny, but I don't believe her)<br>he talked to me that if I really wanted even a chance at entering either Caltech or MIT (or any high level institution for that matter), I would need my name in a research project. There are many reasons for this, but primarily it shows that you are capable of adding to the knowledge base of science rather than just pulling from it.<br>i have only two real deadlines. November (early applications) and January (regular applications). Unfortunately, it is next to impossible to get a research paper published by November (booo....), and slightly less impossible to publish it by January (yayish).<br>there is one consolation prize however. i don't need to lead and publish a paper. it would be great, and would boost my odds of getting into MIT or Caltech tremendously. but if i can't make it happen, i'll have to settle for the next thing. the next big thing is contributing to a project that is either in the works or is shelfed to be later started. one thing suggested to me by a cool grad student who works for Dani named Vivek (remember his name, he had a one piece shirt) is if i created a material sample that could be analyzed by the team. there is nobody working in material sample creation as of now, and I could be their leading member. if so, big yay! but who knows if we can have a paper published by my deadlines. (if not i can just write that i participated in research, and that's better than nothing)<br>Professor Dani took me into the Electromagnetic Spectroscopy unit and I met all the other members of the unit. They're all either Indian or Chinese. I've got to remember their names, or I'm going to look like a douchebag. I really don't want to look like a douchebag. I'm going to look at a compendium of common Indian and Chinese names, and hopefully, when I see their names again, I can better remember their names, and they won't think I'm a cunt. One of the Chinese grad students was looking at me already like I'm a cunt, but maybe that's just me being scared and a pussy.<br>he brought me into the laser lab (so cool!) and warned me that safety was key or i'd be burn my eyes out (also cool!). big thing he told me was don't bend over in the lab (the lasers are set to one plane, which is set around chest/stomach area). if you do bend over, close your eyes when you do, otherwise your eyes are gone. also, one of the lab members is this cool dude named Michael who crossdresses. i like michael quite a bit. he has a soldering iron by his desk.<br>i'm really scared. i don't know if i have it in me to do what i have to do. i don't even know what i have to do. help writing a paper? how? how does that even work? am i even smart enough? i'm a high schooler, and a pretty average one at that.<br>when i was being interviewed by prof. dani, he told me the sheer caliber of caltech students. he himself published his first paper at sixteen, where he documents a solution to an unsolvable question that he solved himself. his girlfriend in caltech (a Bulgarian student), figured out how to integrate on the spot in a placement exam (aka inventing calculus in 10 seconds, take that Newton).<br>i don't know if i'm among these students. it's really tempting to say i know i'm not, but i'm too stubborn for my own good. all i really do know is that i've been so high up academically, that i've never bothered to check what the ceiling was, what was possible for the elite. and now that i've seen the ceiling, i now realize that my level is at the floor. i am the bare minimum of a good student. i am not conan obrien or johnny carson. i'm jimmy kimmel. no, even worse. fallon.<br>what's rough is that everyone in the lab seems super nice. but what scares me is that maybe im too stupid to keep up and that im too much of a douchebag to remember people's names. Prof. Dani assured me that even if OIST bureaucracy said I couldn't be an intern, he'd fight for me and find a solution. I don't know if I'm worth the effort. what if he finds that out too.<br>i think i'm pathetic, but we'll have to wait and see about that as well.

## 💡 New Discoveries
- NewDiscovery:: the cocoa croffles at OIST go crazy. get more.
- NewDiscovery:: the barista at the OIST cafe is nice, everyone's super nice
- NewDiscovery:: [Paul's Math Notes](https://tutorial.math.lamar.edu/)

## 🛳️ Ship's Log
### Tasks Log
- [x] meet with prof dani 😱 ✅ 2023-08-10
- [x] work on summer reading ✅ 2023-08-10
	- [x] write work for [[poetry]] ✅ 2023-08-10
	- [x] read one of the novels (maybe [[The Great Gatsby]]) ✅ 2023-08-11
- [x] study [[calculus]] from https://tutorial.math.lamar.edu/ ✅ 2023-08-11
### Happenings
- LifeEvent:: I got the internship!! time to get to work
### Personal Projects Log

### Reading Log
- ReadingLog:: [[The Great Gatsby]] - Up to 4884 words 
### Video Log

### Workout Log

### Meditation Diary
